## Candidate Template

- Name: Ilya Katsnelson
- GitHub handle: @K900
- Email address: me@0upti.me
- Discourse handle (optional): K900
- Matrix handle (optional): @k900:0upti.me

### Conflict of interest disclosure

Ex-moderation team, currently Nixpkgs Core Team, no commercial CoIs.

### Motivation to be on the Steering Committee

[The moderation team resignation](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/a-statement-from-members-of-the-moderation-team/69828) is something I hoped we'd never have to write. I'm running so no one else has to write a message like that again.

#### What I have done

KDE and hardware enablement stuff maintainer in Nixpkgs, as well as [Jovian NixOS](https://github.com/Jovian-Experiments/Jovian-NixOS/), often fixing things on staging, contributed to a bunch of upstreams, probably answered your question on Matrix at some point. Been around the open source community for a disturbingly long time. Chronic generalist.

#### What I will do

I think the job of the SC is not really to _do_, but to _enable_. What I want to enable, then, is trust - something we've been desperately missing in the community. 

The community has to trust the SC to have its best interests in mind, and to that end, I think the SC should communicate as much as possible about what it's doing and why, and listen to feedback not just in the form of electoral ballots in a year.

The teams have to trust the SC to have their back, and I think the SC should, as a matter of policy, defer decisions that fall under specific teams' umbrellas to those teams, even if they are escalated to the SC directly, and stand by those decisions even if we disagree.

The project needs to trust the governance structures to be able to handle future crises, should they arise, and I think the SC should move towards a structure where no single power is given complete authority, providing failsafes for worst case scenarios.
